README.md, before:

# librsyncWrapper
A thin Java JNI wrapper around the C librsync library, making it easy to use the librsync library from Java code.

The librsync library (which this repository wraps) can be found here:  https://github.com/librsync/librsync

## Example
The LibrsyncWrapperTest class is an example of how to use the LibrsyncWrapper to execute librsync operations
from Java.  It is a simple command line program that demonstrates the functionality provided by this repository.
See java/com/hds/aw/commons/librsync/LibrsyncWrapperTest.java for more information.

## Using the LibrsyncWrapper
### Prerequisites
This repository is built on top of the librsync library.  In order to build the code provided in this repository
and/or run the example LibrsyncWrapperTest program, you must already have access to the librsync library.
The librsync library upon which this repository is built can be found here:  https://github.com/librsync/librsync

The specific librsync files that are required by the LibrsyncWrapper are:
* librsync.h  - Can be found in the librsync repository
* librsync-config.h - Output from the librsync build
* librsync.so - Output of the librsync build
* librsync.so.1 - Output of the librsync build

### Building
This repository contains a very rudimentary example build script for Linux (really just a list of commands) that can be
executed to build the LibrsyncWrapper library and run the LibrsyncWrapperTest.  However, before running the script the
first time, there are some manual steps that must be performed to copy the required librsync files to this repository's directory.  Please perform these steps after building librsync:

* Copy librsync.h and librsync-config.h to the c directory
* Copy librsync.so and librsync.so.1 to the lib directory

Once you have done the above, you can run the following from the top level librsyncWrapper directory:

```
./make
```

Commit message:

Modify README to indicate that make file runs the example

README.md, after:

# librsyncWrapper
A thin Java JNI wrapper around the C librsync library, making it easy to use the librsync library from Java code.

The librsync library (which this repository wraps) can be found here:  https://github.com/librsync/librsync

## Example
The LibrsyncWrapperTest class is an example of how to use the LibrsyncWrapper to execute librsync operations
from Java.  It is a simple command line program that demonstrates the functionality provided by this repository.
See java/com/hds/aw/commons/librsync/LibrsyncWrapperTest.java for more information.

Also, the make file (described below under Building) runs LibrsyncWrapperTest, using sample data files in the 
data directory.

## Using the LibrsyncWrapper
### Prerequisites
This repository is built on top of the librsync library.  In order to build the code provided in this repository
and/or run the example LibrsyncWrapperTest program, you must already have access to the librsync library.
The librsync library upon which this repository is built can be found here:  https://github.com/librsync/librsync

The specific librsync files that are required by the LibrsyncWrapper are:
* librsync.h  - Can be found in the librsync repository
* librsync-config.h - Output from the librsync build
* librsync.so - Output of the librsync build
* librsync.so.1 - Output of the librsync build

### Building
This repository contains a very rudimentary example build script for Linux (really just a list of commands) that can be
executed to build the LibrsyncWrapper library and run the LibrsyncWrapperTest.  However, before running the script the
first time, there are some manual steps that must be performed to copy the required librsync files to this repository's directory.  Please perform these steps after building librsync:

* Copy librsync.h and librsync-config.h to the c directory
* Copy librsync.so and librsync.so.1 to the lib directory

Once you have done the above, you can run the following from the top level librsyncWrapper directory:

```
./make
```
